Various documentation and admin UI improvements (#154)
maykinmedia/open-personen: README.rst

Introduction
============

Open Personen offers an implementation of the 
`Haal Centraal BRP bevragen API specification`_ and can connect to a `StUF-BG`_ 
service to retrieve personal data. In addition, Open Personen can simply convert
StUF-BG messages to BRP API messages without an actual connection. Finally, you 

> can use Open Personen with a testset that you either import or construct 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can use Open Personen with a test set that you either import or construct 
```
I think `testset` should be two words :)
